README.md, before:

##AirCasting - Share your Air!

###About

This is the android app for the AirCasting project - the project aims to build a platform for gathering, visualization and sharing of environmental data. To learn more about the platform visit [aircasting.org](http://aircasting.org).

### Contribute

If you'd like to contribute just use the usual github process - fork, make changes, issue a pull request.

Grab maven (http://maven.apache.org) and Android SDK (http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html), then use Maven SDK Deployer (https://github.com/mosabua/maven-android-sdk-deployer/) to put Android SDK into your local maven repository.

#### Contact

You can contact the authors by email at [info@habitatmap.org](mailto:info@habitatmap.org).

### Thanks
AirCasting uses The YourKit Java Profiler for Performance Tuning

YourKit is kindly supporting open source projects with its full-featured Java Profiler. YourKit, LLC is the creator of innovative and intelligent tools for profiling Java and .NET applications. Take a look at YourKit's leading software products: [YourKit Java Profiler](http://www.yourkit.com/java/profiler/index.jsp) and [YourKit .NET Profiler](http://www.yourkit.com/.net/profiler/index.jsp).

### License

The project is licensed under the GPLv3. For more information see COPYING and visit [http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html).

Commit message:

Update readme to not gradle switch

README.md, after:

## AirCasting - Share your Air!

### About

This is the android app for the AirCasting project - the project aims to build a platform for gathering, visualization and sharing of environmental data. To learn more about the platform visit [aircasting.org](http://aircasting.org).

### Contribute

Unfortunately due to the fact that AirCasting is working on Google Maps v1, without a previously generated v1 API key you will not be able to run the project. We are planing to switch to Google Maps v2 in the future. If you do have the v1 API key, put it into `res/values/api_keys.xml`, import the project into Android Studio and build with Gradle.

### Contact

You can contact the authors by email at [info@habitatmap.org](mailto:info@habitatmap.org).

### Thanks

AirCasting uses The YourKit Java Profiler for Performance Tuning

YourKit is kindly supporting open source projects with its full-featured Java Profiler. YourKit, LLC is the creator of innovative and intelligent tools for profiling Java and .NET applications. Take a look at YourKit's leading software products: [YourKit Java Profiler](http://www.yourkit.com/java/profiler/index.jsp) and [YourKit .NET Profiler](http://www.yourkit.com/.net/profiler/index.jsp).

### License

The project is licensed under the GPLv3. For more information see COPYING and visit [http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html).
